all you children of Benjamin gather
yourselves to flee from the
stuff Jerusalem blow the trumpet in
Toccoa and set up a signal fire in
Bethlehem for disaster appears out of
the north and great destruction
I have likened the daughter of Zion to a
lovely and delicate woman the shepherds
with their flocks shall come to her they
shall pitch their tents against her all
around each one shall pasture in his own
place
prepare war against her arise and let us
go up at noon woe to us for the day goes
away for the shadows of the evening are
lengthening arise and let us go by night
and let us destroy her palace for thus
as the Lord of Hosts said cut down trees
and build a mound against Jerusalem this
is the city to be punished she is full
of oppression in her midst as a fountain
Wells up with water so she wills up with
her wickedness violence and plundering
are heard in her before me continually
our grief and wounds be instructed o
Jerusalem lest my soul depart from you
lest I make you desolate a land not
inhabited they shall thoroughly green as
a vine the remnant of Israel as a great
gatherer put your hand back into the
branches to whom shall I speak and give
warning that they may hear indeed their
ear is uncircumcised and they cannot
give heed behold the word of the Lord is
a reproach to them they have no delight
in it therefore I am full of the fury of
the Lord I am weary of holding it in I
will pour it out on the children outside
and on the Assembly of young men
together for even the husband shall be
taken with a wife the aged with him who
is full of days
and their houses shall be turned over to
others fields and wives together for I
will stretch out my hand against the
inhabitants of the land says the Lord
because from the least of them even to
the greatest of them everyone is given
to covetousness and from the Prophet
even to the priest everyone deals
falsely they have also healed the hurt
of my people slightly saying peace peace
when there is no peace were they ashamed
when they had committed abomination no
they were not at all ashamed nor did
they know how to blush therefore they
shall fall among those who fall at the
time I punish them they shall be cast
down stand in the ways and see and ask
for the old paths where the good ways
and walk in it then you will find rest
for your souls but they said we will not
walk in it
also I set Watchmen over you saying
listen to the sound of the trumpet but
they said we will not listen therefore
here you nations and know o congregation
what is among them hear o earth behold I
will certainly bring calamity on this
people the fruit of their thoughts
because they have not heeded my words
nor my law but rejected it
for what purpose to me comes
frankincense from Sheba and sweet came
from a far country your burnt offerings
are not acceptable nor your sacrifice is
sweet to me therefore thus says the Lord
behold I will lay stumbling blocks
before this people
and the fathers and the sons together
shall fall on them the neighbor and his
friend Shall Perish thus says the Lord
behold a people comes from the north
country and a great nation will be
raised from the farthest parts of the
earth they will lay hold on bow and
spear they are crawl and have no mercy
their voice roars like the sea and they
ride on horses as men of war set in
array against you o daughter of Zion we
have heard the report of it our hands
grow feeble anguish is taken hold of us
pain as of a woman in labor do not go
out into the field nor walk by the way
because of the sword of the enemy fear
is on every side o daughter of my people
dress in sackcloth and roll about in
ashes make mourning as for an only Son
most bitter lamentation for the
plunderer will suddenly come upon us I
have set you as an assayer and a
fortress among my people that you may
know and test their way they are all
stubborn rebels walking as slanderers
they are bronze and iron they are all
corrupters the bellows blow fiercely the
LED is consumed by the fire the smelter
refines in vain for the wicked are not
drawn off people will call them rejected
silver because the Lord has rejected
them
[Music]